Fixed #35629 -- Added support for async database connections and cursors. (#18408)
django/django: docs/releases/5.2.txt

Database backends
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * It is now possible to perform asynchronous raw SQL queries using an async cursor.
>   This is only possible on backends that support async-native connections.
>   Currently only supported in PostreSQL with the ``django.db.backends.postgresql``
>   backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It is now possible to perform asynchronous raw SQL queries using an async
  cursor, if the backend supports async-native connections. This is only
  supported on PostgreSQL with ``psycopg`` 3.1.8+. See
  :ref:`async-connection-cursor` for more details.
```
Maybe
